Docs: update delete command and summary in UG (#132)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### Delete recipe
Removes a stored recipe based on the number it is associated with in the `list` <br>
Usage: `delete -x <recipe index>` or `delete <recipe name>` <br> 
Example:

> - delete 1

Reviewer: I think you forgot to include the index flag.

```suggestion
- delete -x 1
```

Author: omg i think my push didnt get updated

    - This would delete the first entry in the list of recipes.
- delete Aglio Olio 

>     - This would delete the recipe called 'Aglio Olio'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This would delete the recipe with the name of 'Aglio Olio'.
```

>     - This would delete the recipe called 'Aglio Olio'.

Reviewer 2: My english sucks but I think this would sound better?
```suggestion
    - This would delete the recipe with the name, 'Aglio Olio'.
```
